These areas we are covering , is breaking down reasons to use certain elements to achieve the best results and not repeat excess amount duplicate code writing



When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?
When the sequence is not important.  
How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?
list-style-type: square;
When should you use an ordered list vs an unorder list in your HTML document?
When the process steps matter use ordered list. Such as instructions in a recipe otherwise use unordered if the steps or list does not matter 
Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?
You can change the start value with <ol start="5">
Or roman numerals with <ol type="I">

Learn CSS
The Box Model
Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding as characters in a story. What is their role in a story titled: “The Box Model”?
In the Box Model Margin is the space between spaces , it’s all of the box around all of the content
Padding helps margin by creating the viewable content that stays within it’s created space without coming out and staying neatly within the edges

List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model.
1 Content = the space where text images etc .. are 
2 Padding - the space between all the contents 
3 Border - the outside edge of the content
4 Margin The space between all contents  
Learn JS
Arrays. Operators and Expressions. Conditionals. Loops.
What data types can you store inside of an Array?
Numbers , strings , booleans , objects
Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?
Yes it is and you access it by index sequence order 
const people = [['pete', 32, 'librarian', null], ['Smith', 40, 'accountant', 'fishing:hiking:rock_climbing'], ['bill', null, 'artist', null]];
3 List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.
Addition , Subtraction, Division, Multiplication , Modulas
4 Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.
let a = 10;
 let b = 'dog';
 let c = false;

 // evaluate this
 (a + c) + b;
In JavaScript, when you use + with a number and a boolean, the boolean gets converted to a number.
false becomes 0


true would become 1
“10dog”
5 Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.
Checking if a runner achieved a speed needed to qualify for a tournament 

6 Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.
Running a numbers guessing game 
